I have been somewhat of a pushover for the majority of my life since listening
to the podcasts,
I've been trying to assert myself more.
One thing I can't seem to shake is constantly being interrupted.
How can I rise above and overcome this obstacle?
Yeah.
Should I re read the Hashtag Hashtag fellow hardcore kid,
hey,
there you go.
Hey,
we'll party park.
And there's a little layer in there cause he put rise above in there.
So sure.
You know,
I,
so I thought about this because
I would say I don't get interrupted a lot.
Yeah.
But I don't,
I think that's kind of the current state of me.
Sure.
And I think there's a reason why I don't get interrupted a lot.
And it's not because you know,
people are going to think,
oh well that's because you're going to bash people in the head with a club.
That's not the actual answer of why look uninterrupted.
Yeah.
So one thing I think is important is,
you've heard me say this before,
the less people talk,
the more people listen.
So when I'm in a group of people that all want to talk and I don't want to talk
over each other and they want to cut each other off,
you get in that group right there.
I don't talk,
I don't talk.
I let there,
I sit there,
I listened to him and I plot.
Then I think,
and I put together my thoughts correctly so that when I do decide to say
something,
it's going to have impact.
Hmm.
And then I wait for the right moment.
Right.
Because if there's people that are bickering back and forth,
okay.
I wait for a lull in the fire
and when that low combs,
then I make my point in a very direct manner.
I might even,
I might even have to wait until the conversation is like all but over.
Hmm.
Wait until they're done with their little firefight.
Get p.
P.
Yep.
Yep,
And then I'm going to talk and they're done.
And what I,
when I talk,
you know I'm going to do it.
Since I've been thinking about it's going to be articulated in a way that I can
present my full point.
And so I think that's an effective way to do things I think.
I think if you let people speak a bunch,
you let them get it out of their system and then when you decide to talk,
they don't have anything left to say.
So that's a way to stop getting caught off.
So this is almost like flanking,
right?
This is flanking the fact that when people have a bunch to say and they got all
these thoughts in their head and they want to get them all out,
let him get him out.
Don't try and fight that battle.
They've got a bunch of things they want to say.
Let him say it.
Also,
as we know,
when you listen to someone else talk
it
you,
you now know what their ideas are.
Yeah.
You know what they're thinking.
There's a power and not saying anything because it allows you to think and it
allows you to hear what other people think.
And it allows you to hear other people.
So in a conversation you get to hear other people's counters to what people are
saying and you're not,
you're not having to expend any ammunition yourself.
Someone else is doing it.
You know about the third or fourth or fifth piece person in the conversation
that's expanding ammunition and running their mouth to try and counter some
point that someone's made.
Let them do that.
Because by the way,
then you get to see what the other counter is.
Hmm.
So I think being assertive doesn't mean talking more.
I think being assertive means talking less,
talking at the appropriate times,
monitoring and understanding the firefight that's happening so that when other
people have expended their ammunition,
you can step in and you can take your shots.
You in know simple,
clear,
concise manner.
That's what I think.
Yeah,
I think you're right.
I think you built up this reputation though.
That's in the little added element to your specific situation,
which is where when you talk it like you're not saying fluff,
you know you're,
you know when you talk it's like something,
well that's a good point.
So if you don't want to get caught off and 70% of the things that you say aren't
really that impactful and don't add a lot to the conversation while then there's
a good chance that when you say open your mouth to start talking,
someone else doesn't think it's gonna be important.
So they just jump right on top of you.
But if you say less and to your point,
if the things that you say generally are well thought out and clear and are
going to have impact,
well then we have a good chance that you're not going to be cut off because
people actually want to hear what you're going to say.
Yeah.
Don't talk just to talk ever.
See.
And that's a hard,
I shouldn't say ever,
but hardly ever.
Yeah.
That's a hard one because it,
and it's not like people are interrupting you on purpose because you don't have
nothing to sit,
you know,
like you're just talking fluff.
That's nice.
Not a conscious on purpose thing.
A lot of the time I think anyway,
it doesn't feel like it is.
Um,
it feels like it's like subconscious,
you know,
like how can someone see fit to actually follow through with interrupting
somebody if they don't think like,
okay,
this isn't quite that important.
At the very least,
the very least what I'm about to interrupt with is more important.
So some people think that what they're about to say is really important.
Here's another thing,
it's like the little boy that cried wolf.
Right?
If I,
if I talk and talk and talk and talk and talk,
I'm taking away the value of each one of those statements that I make because
I'm making so many statements that not all of them can have a high level of
value.
So w w w who do you,
who do you pay more attention to?
The person that makes a hundred statements.
Yeah.
And what are those?
Okay.
Let's say you want to pay attention to the person that makes a hundred
statements.
How much can you pay attention to those hundred statements?
How much do you,
how much do you gather from those hundred statements?
Yeah.
Well,
it's a limited amount.
Yeah.
It's 1% per statement,
right?
What's the one person you have to fool you think?
I make some general statements at the 1% per statement.
If the person says one thing,
how much percent do you pay attention to that?
Oh,
that's right.
You said 100% so there you go.
Yeah,
it makes sense to check.